Map region clickable blank.
Sadly, this is the experience
for blind people when they visit 99.9%
of the over 30 million maps
on apps and websites today.
In a world where maps
touch every aspect of our lives,
from telling us where to go
to showing the information around us,
there are those who are often left out.
But what if there was a way
to make digital
geographic information
inclusive and intuitive for everyone?
Introducing Audiom, the world's first
inclusive digital,
visual, auditory
and tactile map viewer and editor.
With Audiom, maps
become interactive and user friendly.
Zoom, adjust contrast, and customize
the map to work for you.
Explore spaces and investigate data
with the only Web
Content Accessibility Guidelines
Triple-A compliant map.
The unique non-visual Audiom experience
is similar to a video game,
where users move a character
around the map using their arrow keys
or other controller.
Audiom can be added to a website or app
in just three simple steps.
A customer gives us their geographic data.
We process that geographic data
into something Audiom can use.
And finally,
we provide a few lines of code
that can be used to completely replace
or supplement an existing map.
Join us in creating a world
where every map is accessible to everyone.
? Outro instrumental music.